and everyone to my house
with youtube friends as they are here
9001 because we work with both bombo c's
or boombox and well we have what
does is we add our own stereo
our own dozens and besides that
they add our remote control by
if we are not close to what is this
of this hype c's well we're going
away from him and we can turn him on and
well let's see how it turns on
bombo c's so that we approach this
stereo we give you right click on it
will appear us doing here is born
we choose our music that we can see
here I just have one that is the one from
comes with this mode but well we give
Right click on the equipment we put
play
and well, here it will start to sound like
can see what those screens are
we are going to make that pledge is see
there he is and as a man he listens
pretty good but good long movies I
I think they are ornaments because if you have
what is the stereo is only heard
same so the horns are of ornament
more cool this good roll
Well, let's pay for this song and as
He has told us he does not add what is
This remote control is called bike
pot and good we give you right click with
this control and it opens us the same menu
but when what you have is control
remote is that we will turn it on
from far for example and this until here
and he wants to turn it on and ready and good
because everything he does is have the
it's true that it makes your own blowout
we write are pretty pretty father
so I recommend it and well
we come to the characters in this way
well and for character what is the hype
that we do what is wood and
quite iron we are also what
there are two kraft blocks of the
next way we put some reaction
and a half and the rest goes wood and this
what is good then now that
we can create what is the box
arrangement that we are what is wood and
iron for what we will do in this way and
will give us what the cge hype is
here is the iron back in and ready this
will give us what is the hype c's and
here what the speakers are is the
same crack but only that instead of him
you do not block we need what is the
spoiler and it goes to the middle so we can
celeron in the corners and the wood of
this way and it will give us what it is that
are the speakers and here what is
this this remote control we need
glass one of the rest of the others by the
iron and good post will give us what is
the remote control and good because this
how to create what the hype with his
remote control and everything so well more
before the video, whether I 'm leaving what
is the installation if you want to install
this gorgeous mod more so right now
we look good because we continue with the
installation of the motherboard box for
Minecraft version no point 3.2
but before that they should be downloaded
these files that is the module ader and
the bom box mode and well, you know
these files elin I leave them in the
description to download it goes
and good and after having completed
downloading those files we open a
Minecraft
see you here now as always
we give ourselves options and activate the forced
law and well this does that makes
our minecraft eliminate all
modes that are installed on it since
if we install a mode that is not
compatible with the modes that has been
installed is added to us from kraft is going to
grow up and good to avoid this active
did not endeavor law to make a
clean installation in this way here not
we wait for them to fear of charging that already
that goes in the middle
ninety
and ready and all of us minecraft
from zero simonate clean and good
we continue with installation so
bombo c's country we go to the folder of
our minecraft if you do not know how to go good
let's start the beginning we write
execute execute let's accept us
open this window to execute here
we write percent app data by
hundred let's accept and we opened this
window here in this window found
the beautiful minecraft folder that
is about to open minecraft
we open is in the folder well and good
well in the folder already we found
a file called minecraft point
since this is what we open with the place
atziber and he minimized this and we will stay
this window that just opened that
the one-and-a- half point already here we find
a folder called times that are
capitals select them and delete them
if they do not eliminate it, they will grow
minecraft will appear screen
black so try to eliminate this
folder goes and well we open our
files that we download first we open
what we do
we open it we select everything with
control the steps nothing more in each
daily point they are dragged white
accept and ready and good then we close
also on marca.com and we open what is
the bombo c's and well then open again
what is the folder of your minecraft that
is this point minecraft and here they stay
and well then here in that bom file
box will appear this folder open it
also now in the folder that is drag
and well, those three files these
these two folders and this files the
spend here pointed minecraft give that yes to
everything to move in replace
and good for already installed what
is the bombo c's now we open our
our minecraft to see that everything
it went perfect
let's see
and ready is the bom box mode
installed
now we invite ourselves to our world to
to see that everything goes well
open your eyes to load
there is
and good as you can see everything went
perfect now let's see if I have
our dressmaker perfect side more than
many cows here we go down
and with bomber here is the mold with box
installed
Well, if we want to put music to
our direction we need to go to the
folder of our minecraft again
so let's go open our portfolio of
our minecraft that is about
minecraft we open it and here we can
folder that is called the resort that is
this opens it open is in the folder
mod
the bom box folder and well then here
we can put all the music that
we want nothing for example here is my
music I put it in, but be careful we're only
him files that kind w and oh hehe so
it's not going to read music to you in mp3 so
Be careful with that if you follow music
on p3 and what he is going to convert
download this program that is called
form the factor and well then it opens
and well here nothing else chooses in the
file for example they go here they are in
video are going to audio and here they just choose
the file for example here comes out or hehe
and ekiza the w w I will choose the w
here we insert the file we are going
desk here is my music and good
well, we give nothing here to configure
destination high quality ok and we give to
accept and to whom later we give
start so that the file becomes
awy good since we have the file
we close the program we go to our
folder and we put our music and ready
and well then in this way you put
music to your bombo c's and remember that
this mod does not you files in mp3 are in w
and og
so you know now if I
dismissal as they say for my people there not
we are seeing chau